So let's work through
exercise 3a together.
First part of the directions is to
create another exercise 3a.go file.
And then in the main function,
we wanna declare a variable that
has the value of a sentence.
So I'm going to go ahead and set up
Our go file template which
starts with our package main.
And now we're gonna be printing
some stuff to the console.
So we'll go ahead and
import our fmt package.
And then in func main,
the first thing we wanted to do was
instantiate a variable of a sentence.
So I'm gonna call it my
sentence you shorthand syntax.
And use an incredibly enthralling
sentence of, Hello, this is a sentence.
Next steps in our instructions are to
iterate over that sentence using a range.
So to do that,
we're going to start with our fore loop.
And so the two arguments that we have
using range is we have that index, and
then we have a value of each
thing we're iterating over.
And that is assigned to a value
of our keyword range, and
then the collection we're iterating over,
which in this case is mySentence.
And then our opening and closing curly
braces to scope that fore loop and
the code within it.
So step four here, if the index
of that letter is an odd number,
print that letter.
So the first step is,
I'm gonna add an if block here.
And so I wanna check to see
if index module two equals 0,
using the two equal signs
to indicate equality.
And if that returns true,
I want to print the value.
I'll bring my terminal backup.
And if I go run section 3 basic syntax,
code, and then exercise 3a.go,
you'll see that I'm not getting letters
once again, I'm getting that byte value.
So I'm going to put back in my string
function to convert our type to a letter,
save the file.
So when I run that file,
I'm only seeing the letters if
that index value is an odd number.
So in this case, I am using
the index variable here on line 9.
So I'm setting index modulo 2 equal 0.
But if we were to kill this chunk of
code and just go back to kind of our,
Print line of the string value.
If I save this and I run my code again,
I'm gonna see an error message and
this error message is saying
the index is declared and not used.
And because we have two values
on the left hand side and
go is following it's rules and saying,
once you declare it you have to use it.
But in this case I don't wanna use index.
I'm not using it in any
productive capacity and so
go allows you to put an underscore into
any variable that you're not gonna use
within the code itself.
And it's gonna ignore it and
allow you to still compile your code.
If I run it again without underscore
instead of index, it doesn't yell at me,
I can print out that value.
And that's something we'll see pretty
frequently as we continue as well.